Skip to main content
❄️ Level up your AI skills with Advent of AI ❄️

Block Logo
goose logo
your local AI agent, automating engineering tasks seamlessly


Open Source
Built with transparency and collaboration in mind, goose empowers developers to contribute, customize, and innovate freely.

Runs Locally
Goose runs locally to execute tasks efficiently, keeping control in your hands.

Extensible
Customize goose with your preferred LLM and enhance its capabilities by connecting it to any external MCP server or API.

Autonomous
Goose independently handles complex tasks, from debugging to deployment, freeing you to focus on what matters most.

Loved by engineers
Prem Pillai's profile picture
Prem Pillai
Software Engineer
With Goose, I feel like I am Maverick. Thanks a ton for creating this. 🙏 I have been having way too much fun with it today.

Jarrod Sibbison's profile picture
Jarrod Sibbison
Software Engineer
I wanted to construct some fake data for an API with a large request body and business rules I haven't memorized. So I told Goose which object to update and a test to run that calls the vendor. Got it to use the errors descriptions from the vendor response to keep correcting the request until it was successful. So good!

Manik Surtani's profile picture
Manik Surtani
Head of Open Source
I asked Goose to write up a few Google Scripts that mimic Clockwise's functionality (particularly, creating blocks on my work calendar based on events in my personal calendar, as well as color-coding calendar entries based on type and importance). Took me under an hour. If you haven't tried Goose yet, I highly encourage you to do so!

Andrey Bolduzev's profile picture
Andrey Bolduzev
Android Engineer
If anyone was looking for another reason to check it out: I just asked Goose to break a string-array into individual string resources across eleven localizations, and it performed amazingly well and saved me a bunch of time doing it manually or figuring out some way to semi-automate it.

Kang Huang's profile picture
Kang Huang
Software Engineer
Hi team, thank you for much for making Goose, it's so amazing. Our team is working on migrating Dashboard components to React components. I am working with Goose to help the migration.

Lily Delalande's profile picture
Lily Delalande
Software Engineer
Wanted to document what I had Goose do -- took about 30 minutes end to end! I created a custom CLI command in the gh CLI library to download in-line comments on PRs about code changes (currently they aren't directly viewable). I don't know Go that well and I definitely didn't know where to start looking in the code base or how to even test the new command was working and Goose did it all for me 😁

Rizel Scarlett's profile picture
Rizel Scarlett
Developer Advocate
My sister had been asking me for months to help her build a Google Docs extension but I kept putting it off. Today, we hopped on FaceTime and built one in just 30 minutes with Goose!

Quick Links
Install goose
Extensions
Community
Spotlight
Discord
YouTube
LinkedIn
Twitter / X
BlueSky
Nostr
More
Blog
GitHub
Copyright © 2025 Block, Inc.